Add GitLab commands (#59)
empa-scientific-it/how-to-git: src/content/docs/guides/02-track-changes.mdx

> 

Reviewer: This page needs a gitlab version?

- **Commit message**: Give a name to your changes - later you will be able to search for them.
- **Extended description**: If needed, give more detailed information.

> - **Commit directly** to the current :term[branch] or create a **new branch** for this commit and start a :term[pull request]: Branching out will be described further [down](#branching-out-topics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commit directly** to the current :term[branch] or create a **new branch** for this commit and start a :term[pull request]: Branching out will be described [later](../parallel-topics/#branching-out-topics).
```

After committing, the changes will become part of the repository history.

### Check the history
In Git, you can view all kinds of changes - whether for a single file, the entire repository, or even across the full network of repositories.
1. To check the **history of the file** you just modified, open that file in your repository.
At the top-right corner, above the edit button, you will find a clock icon labeled :clock4: `History`.
Clicking it will open the history of commits, showing the commit message, the author of the commit and the [SHA](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/about-commits#about-commits), which is a unique identifier for each commit within Git.

2. To see the **history of all changes in the repository** you are currently working on, go to the repository's main page.

> Under the `Code` button, you will find another one, labeled :clock4: `Commits`, followed by the number of commits made to the current branch.

Reviewer: suggestion
```suggestion
Under the green `Code` button, you will find another one, labeled :clock4: `Commits`, followed by the number of commits made to the current branch.
```
since there is also the <> code tab

> By clicking this you can see the same information as in the history of a file, but for all the files of the repository, across all branches.

Reviewer: What does this sentence mean, i see commits not the history, do you mean you can eventually see the history if you click on the correct commit? over all branches requires you to change the branch though. i think this sentence needs to be written simpler or clearer.
